More detailed view_adaptor doc (#1126)
ericniebler/range-v3: doc/index.md

    };
~~~~~~~

From within mixin you can call:
* `get()` - to access adaptor internals 

> * `base()` - to access adopted iterator

Reviewer: adopted?

Author: adapted

Iterator/sentinel adaptor may "override" following members:
~~~~~~~{.cpp}
    class adaptor : public ranges::adaptor_base
    {
        // !For begin_adaptor only!
        template<typename Rng>

>         constexpr decltype(auto) begin(Rng &rng)

Reviewer: s/`decltype(auto)`/`auto`/

Author: ??

Reviewer: Yes, really.

Author: `??` = don't understand you completely.

----

`s/decltype(auto)/auto/` how this translates to English?

Reviewer: Oh! I'm so sorry. I was speaking sed. /facepalm. Let me try English. Substitute ("s/") `auto` for `decltype(auto)`. In other words:

```suggestion
        constexpr auto begin(Rng &rng)
```

~~~~~~~{.cpp}
    struct adaptor : adaptor_base
    {
        int n = 0;

        void next(iterator_t<Rng>& it) 
        {
            ++n;
            ++it;
        }
    };

    struct sentinel_adaptor : adaptor_base 
    {
        int stop_at;        
        bool empty(const iterator_t<Rng>&, const adaptor& ia, const sentinel_t<Rng>& s) const 
        {
            return ia.n == stop_at;
        }
    };

    adaptor begin_adaptor() const { return {}; }
    sentinel_adaptor end_adaptor() const { return {100}; }
~~~~~~~

Sometimes, you can use the same adaptor for both `begin_adaptor` and `end_adaptor`:

~~~~~~~{.cpp}
    struct adaptor : adaptor_base
    {
        int n = 0;
        void next(iterator_t<Rng>& it) 
        {
            ++n;
            ++it;
        }

        // pay attention, we use equal, not empty. empty() will never trigger.
        template<typename I>
        bool equal(I const &this_iter, I const &that_iter, adaptor const &that_adapt) const
        {
            return *this.n == that_adapt.n;
        }
    };

    adaptor begin_adaptor() const { return {}; }
    adaptor end_adaptor()   const { return {100}; }
~~~~~~~

> Pay attentention that all data, that you'll store in adaptor - will become part of iterator payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that all the data that you store in the adaptor will become part of the iterator.
```

> If you will not "override" `begin_adaptor()` or/and `end_adaptor()` in your view_adaptor - default ones will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you will not "override" `begin_adaptor()` or/and `end_adaptor()` in your view_adaptor, default ones will be used.
```

Author: Applying, but I disagree that commas are better than dashes.
